<table><thead><tr><th>Bước</th><th>Bộ phận</th><th>Thực hiện</th><th>Ghi chú</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td></td><td></td><td><ul><li>☐ Update date: (dd/mm/yy) – Displayed according to the date the customer updated the Biometric Information.</li><li>☐ Registration channel: (Text) – Online/Kiosk (according to the channel where customers register for Biometric Information).</li><li>☐ Effective: (Text/Number) – Default reads Not yet effective.</li><li>☐ Other information: (Text) – "Request additional information".</li><li>☐ When is it necessary to perform Biometrics? (By default, information is collapsed. Customers can pop out when clicking on the information field/view details button (in accordance with the design of each period)).</li><li>☐ Log in for the first time.</li><li>☐ Log in on another device.</li><li>☐ Performed transactions of over 10 million</li><li>☐ Make transactions when the total transaction value exceeds 20 million/day.</li><li>☐ Open a payment account.</li><li>☐ Transactions related to cards</li><li>☐ International money transfer.</li><li>☐ Other transactions according to regulations of SeABank from time to time.</li><li>☐ What should be done?</li></ul>Please reduce the transaction amount or re-transaction when the biometric information is verified. Take the chip-embedded citizen identification card used to register biometric information to the nearest SeABank transaction counter to re-verify the information.<br/>- Đầu ra:<br/>Màn hình hiển thị kết quả kèm các button tương ứng với các giao dịch (được mô tả tại đầu vào bước 1) cụ thể như sau:<table><thead><tr><th>Nếu</th><th>Thì</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>- KH thuộc TH1: KH truy cập tính năng STH.</td><td>Có Button “home” để quay về trang chủ và button back để quay lại màn hình trước đó</td></tr></tbody></table></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>